just copy the x52control folder to "<x-plane directory>/Resources/plugins".
linux users also need to copy the "90-saitekX52.rules" file to "/etc/udev/rules.d"
and either restart the computer or reload the udev configuration manually with
the appropriate sysV init script (you'll need to do this only if you're
installing the plugin the first time. if this file changes with new releases
of the plugin, i'll drop a notice in this README file).

currently there are only 3 standard datapages for the multifuntion display of the
x52 supported, i.e. the standard radio fequencies for nav, com and adf receivers.
future versions will support adding new pages and customizing existing ones from
within x-plane.

to be able to toggle those pages, you'll need to assign a joystick button to this
specific action. do this under Joystick & Equipment settings in X-Plane. Choose the
"Buttons: Adv" tab, press the joystick button you want to use for this feature,
select "instruments" from the box in the middle and "x52_datapage_cycle" in the right
box and close the configuration window. this setting will be restored between X-Plane
sessions, even if you run X-Plane without the Joystick connected from time to time.

i discourage users of the x52 pro to use the scrollwheels, which ar located beneath
the multifunction display to toggle between the single pages. x-plane has some problems
with those scrollbuttons (i.e. it doesn't recognize any scrollstep as a joystick event,
and as such you would have to scroll sometimes 3 steps, sometimes 5 or sometimes it
works with 1 step, which manifests in datapages appearing randomly when switching between
them).

for x52 pro users i recommend using the right scrollwheel ("MFD-SELECT") as button
(not scrolling it, but pressing the wheel itself) and for x52 standard users i recommend
using the i-button, or the small button left to the ministick on the throttle device
for cycling through the datapages, since the buttons beneath the display are assigned
with special funtions of the joystick itself (timer and such).

note, that the joystick must be connected before starting x-plane, since the plugin
doesn't support hotplug yet. the plugin just won't load when it can't find a saitek
x52, x52 pro or yoke pro flight system on X-Plane startup.

the plugin itself is designed to consume as few resources as possible. on my test
systems it only dropped the framerate from 0.2 until 0.4 frames per second, and
only then if some data changed which is supposed to be displayed on the x52 lcd display
of course. try yourself by enabling/disabling the plugin in the plugin manager, and
please report if you experience extreme performance loss.
